c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\bin\Debug\Zad1.xr.xml
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\bin\Debug\Zad1.exe
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\bin\Debug\Zad1.pdb
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\bin\Debug\Zad1.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\Zad1.exe
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\Zad1.pdb
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\paweł\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zad1\Zad1\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\bin\Debug\App.xbf
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\bin\Debug\Zad1.xr.xml
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\bin\Debug\Zad1.exe
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\bin\Debug\Zad1.pdb
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\bin\Debug\resources.pri
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\bin\Debug\Zad1.build.appxrecipe
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\App.xaml
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\App.xbf
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\Zad1.exe
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\Zad1.pdb
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
D:\Szkoła\Lingwistyka\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zadanie1_PawelCzubak\Zad1\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
